Daniel checked his watch. 15 minutes until his journey began. He smirked to himself, the sheer wit of his plan. No one would know what had happened, but he was going to take the port of Neverland by storm. For too long he'd been the rat on the streets, begging for scraps, digging through the trash just to find a meal. No, not any more. The winds of luck were finally blowing his direction.

Weeks before, upon sheer luck, Daniel happened to be in the alley next to a local pub sifting through the trash looking for this week's dinner. A gentleman, perhaps in his mid-thirties, definitely well to-do, stumbled out of the bar and wandered down the alley towards Daniel. Daniel crouched into the shadows, but as the man drunkenly stumbled by, obviously disoriented with no idea where he was or where he was going, Daniel noticed something fluttering near his collar. It shone the brightest of golds, piercing through the dark night. Daniel had to cover his eyes and look away. As the man approached, Daniel began to make out what appeared to be a miniature, winged person tied to the man's collar. He stifled a gasp. He had heard stories of faeries, or pixies as some called them, amongst the sailors in the bars. Mischevious creatures, but once caught, compelled to do your bidding as long as they remain in captivity. Daniel let his mind wander momentarily. What he could do with a faerie's magic.

He brought himself back to reality and realized this was his chance. The bottom of the windowsill next to Daniel had fallen off, and was laying on the ground next to him. He picked it up, and waited for the man to stumble past. As soon as he did, Daniel lept from the shadows and landed a single blow to the back of his skull, sending him tumbling to the ground. Daniel felt the adrenaline start flowing, realizing what he'd just done, and that he only had a few moments to act. He rolled the man to his back, and saw the faerie still struggling to get away. "Do you have a name?" Daniel whispered, his voice as cold as the night. The faerie tried to respond, but all Daniel could hear was the jingle of a bell. "Very well," he said. He plucked the makeshift tether from the man's collar, and pinned it to his own. "You're with me now, faerie. My wish is to be your command."

Daniel drifts slowly out of his flashback. He checks his watch again. Ten more minutes. He lifted his coat and peered inside, the golden faerie shining but out of sight. The journey would take him all the way to London, where he would wander the city for children whose lives were as miserable as his had been. He would offer them a home, where they would never have to grow up, and could be happy for the rest of forever. In exchange, he would bring them back to Neverland, and they would form a gang of bandits like the town had never seen. He would send them out each night to pillage the ships at dock, and drunken sailors, and the more drunken gentlemen. The loot they brought back would be his, an offering from them thanking him for rescuing them from their lives of misery.

Yes. This was going to work out well. And in the end, Daniel would be the lord of Neverland. And they would all know his pain.
